Brother, what are you doing?
Dragon Motherland
Obviously this person is arrogant and domineering here
How could you do that to a police uniform?
Zhang Cheng, Zhao Cheng
Are you in the position of president of the chamber of commerce?
It's been too long.
It has come to this point
Hello late
It's delayed and charming
Please also ask the lady to abolish it
What are you doing?
What means?
Your mother is
It doesn't matter who I am
There is no such thing as high or low.
Only the vanity of those who teach themselves to be superior
Such a simple truth
I thought you already understood
I didn't expect you to be so stupid
I haven't learned it yet.
And you delay
It's so majestic
If you weren't late today
I haven't had a chance to meet you yet.
Under the arrogance of these Haicheng dignitaries
Unparalleled
The delay must be explained to the lady
Tonight, anyone who is disrespectful to the appointment
I will violate him one by one